For the next hour. sit back. relax.
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
and enjoy this cartoon collection
featuring Bugs Bunny. Superman.
Daffy Duck. Popeye the Sailor Man and more
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
in "The Greatest Cartoons
of the Golden Era: Volume 3"
as they go on exciting
adventures to new worlds.
Stay tuned.
Hi. I'm Charles Dewandeler
and today we're watching
a cartoon compilation
featuring characters who
travel to new worlds.
If you love traveling
and you love cartoons.
then this compilation is for you.
We'll kick things off
with one of our favorite
animated characters. Bugs Bunny.
Most of the time when we see Bugs.
he's in his natural habitat. the forest.
However. in this cartoon.
Bugs travels to the far
away land of the desert
to prank his rival. Elmer Fudd.
Why is Elmer Fudd in the desert?
Because he's searching for gold.
Here is Bugs Bunny and Elmer
Fudd in "Wacky Wabbit."
♪ Gold is where you find it
and when I find that stuff ♪
♪ I'll dig and dig and dig and dig ♪
♪ I'll never get enough ♪
♪ I tramp the prairies and the plains ♪
♪ I trudge each weary mile ♪
♪ I'll tramp and trudge
and trudge and tramp ♪
♪ Until I make my pile ♪
♪ Oh. Susanna. don't you cry for me ♪
♪ I'm going to dig up lots of gold ♪
♪ V for victory ♪
♪ Oh ♪
Shh!
Eh. hi. neighbor.
Oh. hello.
♪ I am a wagon working wanderer
of the wild and weary west ♪
♪ Of all the things I haven't got ♪
♪ I like gold the best ♪
♪ Oh. it rained all night ♪
♪ Today I wept ♪
♪ The weather is so dry ♪
♪ It was so warm I froze to death ♪
♪ Susanna. don't you cry ♪
♪ Oh Susanna. don't you cry for me ♪
♪ I'm going to get me lots of gold ♪
♪ A V for victory ♪
Hey. there's something awfully screwy
going on around here.
Eh. what's up Doc?
Well. one of the strangest things I...
Boo!
Hey. smart boy.
That's that screwy wabbit.
Oh. well.
♪ Whoa. I've been
working on the railroad ♪
♪ All the live long day ♪
♪ I've been working on the railroad ♪
♪ To pass the time away ♪
Whoa!
Eh. pardon me. Doc.
But did you lose this?
Oh yeah.
Thank you very much.
Gold! Gold. they found it!
Hey. Eureka! Gold. gold!
- They discovered gold!
- Gold. gold?
Yellow gold. Where. where?
- Over here.
- Where. where?
- Where?
- Over here.
Where?
Eh. here.
Oh. that's nothing.
Well. I got one of them.
You chubby little rascal!
Come out. Mr. Wabbit.
I have a wittle surprise for you.
Don't laugh.
I'll bet plenty of you
men wear one of these.
That's the last score.
I'll get that wabbit!
Hey Doc.
Hey Doc. Where are ya?
Where I am?
Too bad. Too bad.
Oh well.
♪ Oh. bury me now on the lone prairie ♪
♪ Where the wild coyotes will howl on me ♪
Gosh. ain't I a stinker?
Oh!
Wabbit. I came here for
gold and I'm going to get it!
No. no. no.
Not that. Not that.
Anything but that.
I got you!
You wabbit!
Eureka! Gold at wast.
In our next cartoon.
Superman travels to an underground world
where he battles a race of hawk men.
Can Superman save Lois in time?
Or will she be turned into
a permanent gold statue?
Here is Superman in
"The Underground World."
And while on a hunting trip.
my father discovered
what are now known as
the Henderson Caverns.
More than 40 years ago.
he mysteriously disappeared
while exploring them further.
Recently. I found these
maps and charts he left
suggesting there're still greater wonders
and mysteries laid beyond in
this vast underground world.
Now. if your paper will
help finance the expedition.
I will take Ms. Lane and Mr. Kent with me
and guarantee the Daily Planet
exclusive rights to the story.
Sounds like a great story. Chief.
I'd love to go.
Well. let me see.
Alright. It's a deal.
Thanks Mr. White.
We can leave immediately.
Careful now.
Those are explosives for the
blasting we'll have to do.
We're shoving off. Kent.
Meet you in the Blue Grotto.
- So long. Clark.
- See you later. Lois.
It's beautiful.
According to the map.
this next grotto is further
than any man has ever been.
- Is that to be our society?
- That's right.
The boat!
The dynamite!
Lois!
Look at the statute above his head.
Why. the resemblance is remarkable.
- Is that-
- Yes. my father.
But what would they be
doing with a statue of him?
Anderson?
Lois?
Oh no!
This is a job for Superman.
It's really
a great story. Lois.
but no one would ever believe it.
Our next cartoon stars Daffy Duck.
The man who performs
the voice of Daffy Duck
and most of the other
characters in this cartoon
is the legendary man of a
thousand voices. Mel Blanc.
In this cartoon. Porky Pig
is a producer in Hollywood
who just wants to leave work
so he can go on vacation.
But Daffy Duck. a talent
agent. won't leave him alone.
Here is the cartoon "Yankee Doodle Daffy."
Enjoy.
I'd better hurry.
I just got 10 minutes to catch my plane.
Hold everything. fatso!
Pew.
This is your lucky day!
Opportunity is knocking.
But I've got very important appointment.
I'll say you have. My card.
Yes sir. Daffy Duck.
Personal representative
of the most sensational
discovery since the sweater girl.
He's colossal. Stupendous.
One might even go so far
as to say he's mediocre.
I give you that paragon
of pep and personality.
Sleepy Lagoon.
Picture a packed house.
The kid's on.
the orchestra gives him
a four bar vamp and the kid
gives it to 'em like this!
♪ I'm just wild about Harry ♪
♪ And Harry's wild about me ♪
♪ My the heavily blisses of his kisses ♪
♪ Fills me with ecstasy ♪
That's just a rough idea. You understand?
♪ He's the sweetest chocolate candy ♪
♪ And just like honey from a bee ♪
♪ Oh. I'm just wild about Harry ♪
♪ And he's just wild about ♪
♪ Cannot do without ♪
♪ Keep you from yourself ♪
♪ Can't you hear me shout ♪
♪ Talking with my mouth ♪
♪ Could you ever know ♪
♪ He's just wild about me ♪
The kid finishes amid thunderous applause!
Hooray!
He takes a bow.
They're screaming for an encore.
Encore! Give us more!
We want more!
Give us some more! Give us some more!
Ah. but does the kid
give him another song?
No. he makes with a banjo solo. like so.
Just a minute. chubby.
You ain't seeing half
of the kid's repertoire.
Oh. here's one that kid
does that you'll like.
Woo-hoo!
♪ I'm a cowboy ♪
♪ Yes sir. I am ♪
♪ Yes sir. I am a cowboy ♪
♪ I'm a cowboy ♪
♪ Yes sir. I am ♪
♪ Yes sir. I am a cowboy ♪
♪ We watch the sky ways
o'er the land and the sea ♪
♪ Ready to fly anywhere the duty calls ♪
♪ Ready to fight to be free ♪
♪ You are just an angel in disguise ♪
♪ Over hill and over dale ♪
♪ We're always on the dusty trail ♪
♪ Hunting fox and hunting quail ♪
♪ Tally ho I am a hunting ♪
♪ Giddy up. giddy up. giddy up ♪
♪ My horse and I are of the finest breed ♪
♪ Just like the wind I ride ♪
♪ Sure of foot and sure of eye ♪
♪ Peeling onions makes me cry ♪
♪ This makes no sense so do I ♪
♪ So don't you go and beat
me daddy to the nearest bar ♪
Yeah!
And now the kid goes into
his finale and what a finale!
Stop it!
Stop it. stop it!
Alright. let's see what the kid can do.
Okay Sleepy. do your stuff!
♪ Let springtime blossoms bloom again ♪
♪ In the garden of ♪
My heart!
Continuing with our theme
of traveling to new worlds.
our next cartoon entitled
"Foney Fables" is a parody
of famous fairytales
from around the world.
including Sleeping Beauty.
Jack and the Beanstalk.
Aladdin. Old Mother Hubbard. and more.
Here is the Merrie Melodies
cartoon. "Foney Fables."
Backward. turn backward.
oh. time in your flight.
Make me a child again just for tonight.
And between these covers. we
find these immortal favorites.
Sleeping Beauty.
Remember the lovely princess
who was bewitched into a deep slumber
until her Prince Charming
came to break the spell?
Come on. wake up! Wake up!
You lazy good for nothing!
Come on! Wake up!
Tom Thumb. a
little boy who got his name
because he was no bigger
than a man's thumb.
Let's pay this interesting family a visit.
Good evening. Mr. and Mrs.
Thumb. where's little Tom?
Are you Tom Thumb?
Yeah. That's me.
Why. I
thought you were no bigger
than a man's thumb.
How did you get so big?
Vitamin B-1.
The Grasshopper and the Ant.
the story of the industrious little ant
and the lazy grasshopper.
You are gonna be sorry!
I've worked all summer and put
away plenty for the winter.
But you. you lazy thing.
you are gonna starve!
The bad
boy of the fairytales.
"The Boy Who Cried Wolf."
Wolf! Wolf!
Help! Help!
The wolf! Wolf!
Wolf! Wolf! Wolf!
What a jerk!
What a dope!
There's a lad who
could stand some discipline.
What a dope!
He'll learn
his lesson someday.
What a screwball!
Jack and the Beanstalk.
the story of the boy
who climbed a beanstalk
only to be met at the top by
a ferocious. two-headed giant
who forced Jack to run for his life.
Say. you almost had him.
Why did you quit?
Ah. he's been sick.
The wolf in sheep's clothing.
the fifth columnist of his
day. by means of a disguise.
he preyed upon unsuspecting little sheep.
Scram. bum.
I'm working this side of the pasture.
The Arabian
Nights gave us the story
of Aladdin and his wonderful lamp.
All Aladdin had to do was to rub the lamp.
and presto. the genie appeared.
♪ I dream of genie with light brown hair ♪
Wolf! Wolf! Help!
There's that nasty kid again.
Wolf! Wolf!
What a joke! What a jerk!
Hey. young fella.
you're going to yell wolf once too often.
Eh. go on. go on.
Mind your own business.
Can't a guy have a little fun?
A session in the wood shed
wouldn't do that boy any harm.
And here's a bird you wouldn't
mind having in your own home.
A goose that lays golden eggs.
Hey. wait a minute. you're
supposed to lay golden eggs.
Not anymore. brother.
I'm doing my bit for national defense.
Old Mother
Hubbard went to the cupboard
to get her poor dog a bone.
Why. you dirty. double crossing!
Food hoarder! She's a food hoarder!
Food hoarder!
Remember
this little nursery rhyme?
This little
piggy went for to market.
This little piggy. he's gone for his home.
This little piggy he's had
roast beef and smashed potatoes
and this poor little piggy.
he don't have anything
all kinds things to eat.
And this little piggy is
for to crying like anything
wee. wee. wee. all the way-
Ow! For crying out Pete's sake. mother!
Be careful! My corn!
Cinderella
and her glass slipper.
- A little girl-
- Wolf! Wolf!
Help! Help. somebody!
Help! The wolf!
Uh-oh. he's at it again.
Wolf! Wolf!
Help! Help!
The wolf!
As we continue our
compilation of stories
about traveling to new worlds.
we have to include Dorothy's
trip to the Land of Oz.
This Wizard of Oz
cartoon came out in 1933.
six years before the famous
"Wizard of Oz" movie.
This cartoon is also very
different from the movie
and it's only nine minutes long.
It's also one of the very first
full color cartoons in its day.
Here now is "Wizard of Oz."
♪ Hail to the Wizard of Oz ♪
♪ To the wizard of Oz ♪
♪ Hooray. hooray ♪
♪ Go down to the wizard ♪
♪ He's a wonderful god ♪
♪ Hail to the Wizard of Oz ♪
♪ To the Wizard of Oz ♪
♪ For he's the Wiz ♪
♪ Hail to the Wizard of Oz ♪
♪ To the Wizard of Oz ♪
♪ For he's the best ♪
Cut it out! Cut it out!
Cut it out!
Oh no!
Oh!
♪ All hail to the Wizard of Oz ♪
Our next cartoon once
again stars Bugs Bunny
and it takes place on a faraway island.
Two castaways who have
been floating out at sea
for what appears to be a very long time.
are both very hungry.
And as soon as they see
Bugs. they want to eat him.
How did Bugs end up on this island?
I have no idea.
Anyway. here's Bugs Bunny
in "Wackiki Wabbit."
And hold the onions.
Huh? What'd you say?
Oh. oh. nothing.
Oh.
Land!
Eh. what's the good word. strangers?
Food!
Ah. white man.
welcome to
Humuhumunukunukuapua'a'a'a Island.
Well. thanks.
Gee. did you say that?
The back. please. The back.
You're cute too. Doc.
We're gonna have roast rabbit!
We're gonna have roast rabbit.
We're gonna have roast...
Ouch!
No you don't!
Pull a knife on me. would ya?
Why you!
One false move outta you and I'll...
A ship?
We're saved! We're saved!
Oh. we're saved!
We're going on a boat!
Bon voyage! Bon voyage!
Have a nice trip. fellas.
Farewell. Au revoir.
Don't forget to write. Bye!
- Bye! So long!
- So you again sometime!
- Goodbye!
- Enjoy yourselves.
- Bye! We will!
- Bon voyage!
- Goodbye!
- So long!
Bon voyage!
Farewell! Goodbye!
Don't forget to write!
Farewell! Bon voyage-
We conclude our
cartoon compilation today
with one of our favorite characters
who many times travels to new
lands. Popeye the Sailor Man.
In this cartoon. Popeye is a
member of the US Coast Guard
who finds out that Bluto and his henchmen
are terrorizing towns in the Middle East.
This cartoon is inspired
by the fairytale "The Arabian Nights."
Here is "Popeye the Sailor
Meets Ali Baba's Forty Thieves."
♪ You better lock up your doors today ♪
♪ 'Cause Abu Hassan is on his way ♪
♪ Go in hidin' ♪
♪ When I go ridin' ♪
♪ There's me and my forty thieves ♪
♪ Your wives and children and money too ♪
♪ I'll steal them from
you before I'm through ♪
♪ I'm out gunnin' ♪
♪ So start in runnin' ♪
♪ From me and my forty thieves ♪
♪ Abu Hassan ♪
♪ My gang's the roughest ♪
♪ But I'm the toughest ♪
♪ And that's no lie ♪
♪ Abu Hassan ♪
♪ You've got to hand
it to this bad bandit ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm one terrible guy ♪
♪ Abu Hassan ♪
Oh. for me?
I got a surprise. Mwah!
Left guard. right tag 'em.
Arms. yep!
Mwah!
As you were! Attention right up.
Oh. if you aren't just too too.
Attention. everybody.
Alarm! Abu Hassan the Bandit and escaped
last seen headed that a way.
- Oh. which a way?
- That a way!
Oh! Whoa!
On arms!
Wait a minute. wait for me!
Hey. this ain't nothing for women.
We're out hunting bandits.
Maybe we better try
across the street. huh?
Skip the gutter.
Maybe I should trade this in.
Something is definitely wrong.
I'm right. it's wrong!
I wish there was a boardwalk
on this beach. Huh?
If I had some bread. I'd make a sandwich.
If I had a witch.
Ooh!
Oh.
Oh. that's a disappointment.
Oh. Wimpy?
Would you care to join
us. young fella? Huh?
You know that's just one
of those invisible garages
that you can't see on the desert.
That's all it is.
Rest.
Oh. come on.
We got the green light with us now.
You know I can go for a nice
cold chocolate soda right now.
Oh!
Popeye. Olive Oyl has
collapsed completely.
Whoa!
Uh. keep your vitality up. Olive.
Huh. that's it.
Oh. come on. Olive.
We gotta save with the women
and children from bandits.
I'll get you outta this desert someway.
I tank we go now.
Whoa.
Water. Oh boy.
Come on. I'll revives you.
Here we are.
Oh!
Here I'll squirt you there for you.
This is on the house.
Is that good! Oh.
I'll ask in here for bandits.
but first we'll go get a
cup of coffee over here.
- Come on in.
- Oh. goody goody!
- Am I parched.
- Aren't we all. huh?
Boy. this place is wide open.
Oh. I wonder where
everybody is around here.
Maybe it's closed.
Yeah. why don't they come over?
Service!
Yeah. that's what we want!
Service.
Service!
Oh. there you are. huh?
Hey. what is this?
Double talk or something?
I didn't send out any laundry.
I can read reading. but
I can't read writing.
This writing is rote and rotten
if you happen to ask me. huh?
Hey. this Chinese is Greek to me.
Haven't you got something to eat?
Oh. that's better. huh?
Bring me some desert
without any sand this time
will you please?
- Oh boy. I'm hungry!
- Oh!
I just can't wait to eat this!
- Attention everybody.
- Oh?
Attention everybody.
calling all towns and villages.
Beware!
♪ You better lock up your doors today ♪
♪ 'Cause Abu Hassan is on his way ♪
♪ Go in hidin' ♪
♪ When he comes ridin' ♪
♪ There's him and his forty thieves ♪
♪ Your wives and children and money too ♪
♪ He'll steal them from
you before he's through ♪
♪ He's out gunnin' ♪
♪ So start in runnin' ♪
♪ From him and his forty thieves ♪
♪ Abu Hassan ♪
♪ In every village.
he'll steal and pillage ♪
♪ There's none he'll spare ♪
♪ Abu Hassan ♪
♪ If he should spy you ♪
♪ Then we defy you to cross
his path if you dare ♪
♪ Abu Hassan ♪
♪ When things get quiet. I start a riot ♪
♪ As I go by ♪
♪ Abu Hassan ♪
♪ And you'll discover ♪
♪ They run to cover 'cause
I'm a terrible guy ♪
Hey buddy! Oh. hey!
Oh. guys! Hey!
Are you guys the Forty Thieves. huh?
That's right.
Hands off!
What? Another illusion?
I can't understand it.
- Hey. what's going on?
- Hey!
Come on! Oh!
Oh. there's a big bag of wind
blowing through here someplace.
- Take your shirt.
- Shirt? Shirt?
Hey. gimme back me shirt.
What's up the big idea?
Stop in the name of the Coast Guard.
Come on. put 'em up.
Put 'em up.
Oh. you little tough guy. eh?
I think I make a good model. huh?
Take me home for a $1.90. hey sir?
But half the price.
I'll take you that two.
- Two cents for you.
- Whoa!
Hey. your pen knife's bent.
I'll straighten it out for ya.
Bah!
You. I show you!
You're gonna hurt somebody
with that thing. huh?
You got rivetism.
I'll fix it for ya.
Huh? Ah!
Why you! Look. look. see?
Hey. gimme back my belt!
Watch this one.
Abu hasn't got 'em anymore.
Oh. you want to make fool from me. huh?
Oh. nature beat me to it.
- I'll show you.
- Whoa.
I hang them up shrimps.
Ha ha. you make fool
from me. huh?
Huh? What?
Oh man. I'm burning
the candles at both ends.
Hey. let me outta this thing.
Huh?
Hey!
What? Huh?
Oh. I guess I'll get outta here now!
Oh. I'd better stay!
♪ Abu Hassan ♪
Popeye. they're taking me away!
But they like me! They like me!
They're taking me away
and I don't like it!
♪ Abu Hassan ♪
♪ Now make no error ♪
♪ I'm all the terror of
every building and town ♪
What am I hanging around here for?
Come on. let's move it.
Whoa!
That's using in your head.
Where did those guys go to?
Wait'll I get a hold of that fella.
I'll show him a thing or two.
He can't get away.
Oh. taxi! Taxi!
Follow that Abracadabra Hassan guy.
Will you? Come on!
Get going. They're way ahead of us.
Attaboy. Show him your heels.
Wake up there.
What's the matter? You
asleep or something?
Look. hey. your got four flats.
No wonder you can't run.
Come on there. camel cakes.
Step on it. Let's get going there.
What's the matter?
Whoa!
I think you're running dry.
That's what's the matter with you.
Or you eat up an awful lot of
gas for only a two cylinder.
That's enough for you. young fella.
Here we go!
Whoa!
Let's go!
Boy. we beat 'em to the punch that time.
Come on now.
The whole 40 of you.
I'll take one at a time.
Come on!
Open sesame!
Hmm.
Open what?
Wait for me. Wait for me.
Oh!
I wonder what that word was he used
when he opened this door.
Open sissy.
Open Cecil.
Oh. that can't be it.
Oh! Oh!
It's giving way! It's giving way!
Oh. that was me that was giving way. huh?
Whoa!
Well!
There's a violation
for not having no exit
that you can go into. huh?
Oh. it's quite modern in this steakhouse.
I'll tell you that.
I hope this isn't a one way street.
Tippy toe. tippy toe. tippy toe.
I gotta give all these
jewels back to the people.
Tippy toe. tippy toe. tippy toe.
I hope I see them before they see me.
Oh. what's that noise. huh?
Oh. Olive!
Ah. mm!
Hey!
Hmm. must be thieves around here!
Oh boy. Now that makes sense.
Hey. you gotta give back all them jewels
to the people you took.
Oh. hello Wimpy. How did you
get in here. young fella?
Hey! Outside. you!
Oh. this wash is getting
heavier and heavier and I don't.
oh. Popeye!
My darling! My sweetheart!
Hey! Hey! Out you go. huh?
Whoa!
Hey. what is this? A
wishing well or something?
I wish I was outta this place.
That's what I wish. huh?
Oh. just a little flounder that's all.
Whoa!
A little snapper. that's all.
Hey. you don't wanna hurt your teeth. huh?
Whoa! Oh yeah.
Boy. somebody's gonna be sorry for this.
Grab ahold of yourself!
Open says me!
Hey!
One time! Fire!
Go!
Oh yeah?
Step right up. boys!
One at a time here!
Line up! Get right in line!
Hey you!
Hey. how would like to
go for a little ride. huh?
There we go!
Two times. fire!
Here I am! Over here!
Peekaboo!
- Come out here.
- Peekaboo!
- Here I am! Over here!
- Come over here!
5. 10. 15. 20!
25. 30. 35. 40!
Alley-oop!
Oh yeah.
How does that strike ya?
Sock-o!
I may be a shorty. but I licked the forty!
I'm Popeye the Sailor Man!
And there you have it.
Our collection of
"The Greatest Cartoons of
the Golden Era: Volume 3."
For thousands of years.
storytellers have told tales
of characters traveling to new worlds.
Originally. these tales
were told around campfires.
Later they were written into books.
Nowadays these stories
are told through film.
Why are these stories so popular?
Probably because in films
we can travel to places
we'd never be able to visit in real life.
We can experience new places.
see new landscapes. meet new cultures.
and interesting people
all within the comfort of our own home.
and without having to pay
money for travel expenses.
We hope you've enjoyed
traveling with us today.
My name is Charles Dewandeler.
Thank you for watching and I
hope to see you again soon.